When we go to the candidate focus and we click to drop the candidate, it doesnt drop it
So we have to go to the karyotype / tier page and click the red cross and only then it will be dropped
I feel that the two buttons must be working similarily.

When we are in the boundaries page we can see the cross species fusion/fission breakpoint
but its location is not the same as in the cross species page for instance it shows 
around 14 mb something but in the cross-species page its 15.75 mb. 

When we select a candidate or for some reasons when we do arrow up and down in the
diagnosis page 1 local pca under the L3 contingency table. idk if its because we 
already have the candidate for that interval but we cannot up and down to select and 
promote and demote.

next to schema v2 N layers button in top bar, we need the JS N scripts loaded 
that shows what JS scripts as loaded, its the same style and design as schema v2 button
but it is for javascripts.

In top bar, buttons "session" "mode" and "data" unfold on hover but if we go down theres 
a mini space so we cannot like reach the unfolded button the cursor goes to the little gap
between the panel and the top bar buttons which refolds them, it doesnt stay open it closes
and its a mini bug so we have to click instead so it toggles on.

In L3 contingency tables tab of page 1, when we click "detailed" nothing happens.


In the diversity atlas, the page 1 samples has plots that should be placed under their own pages no?
I am not sure, however I believe that samples should be more about the general overview of the dataset.

In the diversity atlas, the plot Per-sample θπ summary (ST2)  
has too much margin in y axis in the bottom relative to other plots

In the diversity atlas, in the ROH page, the heatmap S8b · Per-chromosome × per-sample F_ROH heatmap
has its last samples and row collapsed and overlapping for some reasons.


Im  not sure but when we fit the loess in the Boundaries page when there is no coverage it goes to 0 
but idk if that affects the fit or not. in my understanding its not a problem?

